README.md, before:

<a href="https://ibm.biz/gramps-graphql"><img src="https://gramps-graphql.github.io/gramps-express/assets/img/gramps-banner.png" alt="GrAMPS · An easier way to manage the data sources powering your GraphQL server" width="450"></a>

# GrAMPS GraphQL Data Source for the [IMDB API](http://www.theimdbapi.org/)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@gramps/data-source-imdbapi.svg)](https://github.com/gramps-graphql/data-source-imdbapi/blob/master/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@gramps/data-source-imdbapi.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@gramps/data-source-imdbapi) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gramps-graphql/data-source-imdbapi.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gramps-graphql/data-source-imdbapi) [![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/ac264833fac1fbd1afe0/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/gramps-graphql/data-source-imdbapi/maintainability) [![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/ac264833fac1fbd1afe0/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/gramps-graphql/data-source-imdbapi/test_coverage) [![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/gramps-graphql/data-source-imdbapi.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

Look up trailers, ratings, and other information about movies from the [IMDB API](http://www.theimdbapi.org/).

This is a [GrAMPS](https://ibm.biz/gramps-graphql) data source for GraphQL.

## Example Queries

TKTK

## Quickstart

**NOTE:** Replace all instances of `YOUR_DATA_SOURCE_NAME` with the actual name you want to use (e.g. `data-source-companyname-datatype`).

```sh
# Clone the repo
git clone git@github.com:gramps-graphql/data-source-imdbapi.git data-source-YOUR_DATA_SOURCE_NAME

# Move into it
cd data-source-imdbapi/

# Install dependencies
yarn install
```

### To Develop with Mock Data

Start the app with the following command:

```sh
# Develop with mock data
yarn mock-data
```

### To Develop with Live Data

Once you’ve got your data source configured to load live data, you can enable live data in development:

```sh
# Develop with live data
yarn live-data
```

### Notes for Developers

Currently, there is no watch capability (PRs welcome!), so the service needs to be stopped (`control` + `C`) and restarted (`yarn [mock-data|live-data]`) to reflect new changes to the data source.

Commit message:

docs: deprecate this data source

README.md, after:

# DEPRECATED — DO NOT USE

Unfortunately, the API this data source wraps is unstable to the point of being unusable. This data source is also not compatible with the 1.x format of GrAMPS, so it _should not_ be used. You've been warned.

<a href="https://ibm.biz/gramps-graphql"><img src="https://gramps-graphql.github.io/gramps-express/assets/img/gramps-banner.png" alt="GrAMPS · An easier way to manage the data sources powering your GraphQL server" width="450"></a>

# GrAMPS GraphQL Data Source for the [IMDB API](http://www.theimdbapi.org/)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@gramps/data-source-imdbapi.svg)](https://github.com/gramps-graphql/data-source-imdbapi/blob/master/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@gramps/data-source-imdbapi.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@gramps/data-source-imdbapi) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gramps-graphql/data-source-imdbapi.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gramps-graphql/data-source-imdbapi) [![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/ac264833fac1fbd1afe0/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/gramps-graphql/data-source-imdbapi/maintainability) [![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/ac264833fac1fbd1afe0/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/gramps-graphql/data-source-imdbapi/test_coverage) [![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/gramps-graphql/data-source-imdbapi.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

Look up trailers, ratings, and other information about movies from the [IMDB API](http://www.theimdbapi.org/).

This is a [GrAMPS](https://ibm.biz/gramps-graphql) data source for GraphQL.

## Example Queries

TKTK

## Quickstart

**NOTE:** Replace all instances of `YOUR_DATA_SOURCE_NAME` with the actual name you want to use (e.g. `data-source-companyname-datatype`).

```sh
# Clone the repo
git clone git@github.com:gramps-graphql/data-source-imdbapi.git data-source-YOUR_DATA_SOURCE_NAME

# Move into it
cd data-source-imdbapi/

# Install dependencies
yarn install
```

### To Develop with Mock Data

Start the app with the following command:

```sh
# Develop with mock data
yarn mock-data
```

### To Develop with Live Data

Once you’ve got your data source configured to load live data, you can enable live data in development:

```sh
# Develop with live data
yarn live-data
```

### Notes for Developers

Currently, there is no watch capability (PRs welcome!), so the service needs to be stopped (`control` + `C`) and restarted (`yarn [mock-data|live-data]`) to reflect new changes to the data source.
